Now that our video templates are ready to
go, we can finally build our Automated Ads
campaign.
To recap, you need to have an ad account and
a Facebook page available for testing.
It’s also a good idea to re-read the campaign
briefing before getting started.
Click on your ad account, then on the “Create”
button, select “New Campaign” and “Automated
Ads Campaign”.
In the first step, we need to search and select
our feed again.
Below that, you can find the feed filtering
options.
Here you can narrow your campaign down to
only use the cities from a single country,
as is required in the brief.
Click on “Add condition” and then set
up a filter for “country” “equals”
“United States”.
The interface should confirm that the 50 products
(i.e., cities) from your feed have been filtered
down to just 5 - the ones in the United States.
In the Campaign tab, we start with giving
our campaign a name.
You can mix static elements with naming macros
for the campaign, ad set, and ad names.
For example, “Social_SmartShoe_Launch_#country#”.
While macros with ALL CAPS refer to campaign
settings you specifically make, you can also
use any column from your feed in Automated
Ads campaigns as a naming macro.
So we just use the “country” column from
our feed, which you can see in the preview,
and which is then replaced with “United
States” in the final name.
Our campaign is supposed to run for 30 days,
so we need to set that up.
The Facebook objective can stay as “Link
Clicks”.
The campaign structure is hugely important
for Automated Ads, but Smartly.io actually
tries to help you with this setting, so we’ll
revisit this later.
Related to that, we can only properly configure
our budget once our campaign structure is
in place, so we’ll skip that for now.
According to the briefing, we should optimize
towards “Landing Page views”, so let’s
set our bidding to that.
“Lowest Cost bidding” can stay the way
it is.
At the bottom, we also need to adjust our
ad set naming.
The client wants to have the city name in
the ad set and the weather condition in the
ad.
We can easily include the city name by referring
to the column “city”, and we’ll use
#CREATIVE_NAME# for the ad name since we’ll
name our creatives accordingly.